--
topic: General
author: Jason A. Grafft
# more...?
---
`Folktale<Result>` monad added for request evaluation; `vetmsg` now returns `Folktale<Result.Ok>` or  `Folktale<Result.Error>` and this object is evaluated to determine handling of reply. **Currently there is an issue here,** as `Folktale<Result.Ok>` typically wraps another `Folktale` monad and I have not yet figured out how to `match`/`switch` on the wrapped type.

In a way, Cortex is pushing for clarity as I introduce monads. It's becoming increasingly obvious `ws.send` can be factored to a single place for client replies, and that my packet definitions fail to commute. It's great I don't have to find out about these "down the road." I believe I'll need to refactor my execution flows so the call to `value` before shipping over the wire collects a return *then* fires--this seems like it will help overall.

It will be helpful to keep in mind I don't need to expose a great deal of functionality, and that commutable logic will be a much larger long-term gain. For emphasis, the list below contains all features

1. DB operations
    - find
    - insert
    - remove
    - update
2. PM2 calls
    - start
    - stop
    - status
3. Reporting over-the-wire via WebSockets
    - db find
    - db insert
    - db remove
    - db update
    - pm2 start
    - pm2 stop
    - pm2 status
    - \_

My task is to keep the system from expanding too much beyond this. Defining *vision* via Cortex-Monocle interactions seems like a reasonable way to maintain vertical consistency, and these relationships should be (largely?) isomorphic.